# BridgeCompleteCallback

If the target call leaves the <Bridge>, then this callback is sent to the bridgeCompleteUrl, and the BXML returned in it is executed on the call. If this webhook is sent, the Bridge Target Complete webhook is NOT sent. This callback is also sent if any problem occurs that prevents the calls to be bridged.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**event_type** | **str** | The event type, value can be one of the following: answer, bridgeComplete, bridgeTargetComplete, conferenceCreated, conferenceRedirect, conferenceMemberJoin, conferenceMemberExit, conferenceCompleted, conferenceRecordingAvailable, disconnect, dtmf, gather, initiate, machineDetectionComplete, recordingComplete, recordingAvailable, redirect, transcriptionAvailable, transferAnswer, transferComplete, transferDisconnect. | [optional] 
**event_time** | **datetime** | The approximate UTC date and time when the event was generated by the Bandwidth server, in ISO 8601 format. This may not be exactly the time of event execution. | [optional] 
**account_id** | **str** | The user account associated with the call. | [optional] 
**application_id** | **str** | The id of the application associated with the call. | [optional] 
**var_from** | **str** | The provided identifier of the caller. Must be a phone number in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555). | [optional] 
**to** | **str** | The phone number that received the call, in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555). | [optional] 
**direction** | [**CallDirectionEnum**](CallDirectionEnum.md) |  | [optional] 
**call_id** | **str** | The call id associated with the event. | [optional] 
**call_url** | **str** | The URL of the call associated with the event. | [optional] 
**enqueued_time** | **datetime** | (optional) If call queueing is enabled and this is an outbound call, time the call was queued, in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] 
**start_time** | **datetime** | Time the call was started, in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] 
**answer_time** | **datetime** | Time the call was answered, in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] 
**tag** | **str** | (optional) The tag specified on call creation. If no tag was specified or it was previously cleared, this field will not be present. | [optional] 
**cause** | **str** | Reason the call failed - hangup, busy, timeout, cancel, rejected, callback-error, invalid-bxml, application-error, account-limit, node-capacity-exceeded, error, or unknown. | [optional] 
**error_message** | **str** | Text explaining the reason that caused the call to fail in case of errors. | [optional] 
**error_id** | **str** | Bandwidth&#39;s internal id that references the error event. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from bandwidth.models.bridge_complete_callback import BridgeCompleteCallback

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of BridgeCompleteCallback from a JSON string
bridge_complete_callback_instance = BridgeCompleteCallback.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(BridgeCompleteCallback.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
bridge_complete_callback_dict = bridge_complete_callback_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of BridgeCompleteCallback from a dict
bridge_complete_callback_from_dict = BridgeCompleteCallback.from_dict(bridge_complete_callback_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


