# ConferenceMemberJoinCallback

The Conference Member Join event is fired whenever a caller joins a conference that specified a callbackUrl. The response may be either empty or a BXML document. Only the following verbs are valid for conferences: PlayAudio, SpeakSentence, StartRecording, StopRecording, PauseRecording, ResumeRecording. Audio verbs will be heard by all members of the conference. Recordings capture audio from all members who are not muted or on hold, as well as any audio verbs that are played into the conference.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**event_type** | **str** | The event type, value can be one of the following: answer, bridgeComplete, bridgeTargetComplete, conferenceCreated, conferenceRedirect, conferenceMemberJoin, conferenceMemberExit, conferenceCompleted, conferenceRecordingAvailable, disconnect, dtmf, gather, initiate, machineDetectionComplete, recordingComplete, recordingAvailable, redirect, transcriptionAvailable, transferAnswer, transferComplete, transferDisconnect. | [optional] 
**event_time** | **datetime** | The approximate UTC date and time when the event was generated by the Bandwidth server, in ISO 8601 format. This may not be exactly the time of event execution. | [optional] 
**conference_id** | **str** | The unique, Bandwidth-generated ID of the conference that was recorded | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The user-specified name of the conference that was recorded | [optional] 
**var_from** | **str** | The provided identifier of the caller: can be a phone number in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555) or one of Private, Restricted, Unavailable, or Anonymous. | [optional] 
**to** | **str** | The phone number that received the call, in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555). | [optional] 
**call_id** | **str** | The call id associated with the event. | [optional] 
**tag** | **str** | (optional) The tag specified on call creation. If no tag was specified or it was previously cleared, this field will not be present. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from bandwidth.models.conference_member_join_callback import ConferenceMemberJoinCallback

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ConferenceMemberJoinCallback from a JSON string
conference_member_join_callback_instance = ConferenceMemberJoinCallback.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print ConferenceMemberJoinCallback.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
conference_member_join_callback_dict = conference_member_join_callback_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ConferenceMemberJoinCallback from a dict
conference_member_join_callback_form_dict = conference_member_join_callback.from_dict(conference_member_join_callback_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


