# TfvStatus


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**phone_number** | **str** | Toll-free telephone number in E.164 format. | [optional] 
**status** | [**TfvStatusEnum**](TfvStatusEnum.md) |  | [optional] 
**internal_ticket_number** | **str** | Unique identifier (UUID) generated by Bandwidth to assist in tracking the verification status of a toll-free number - included in all webhook payloads. | [optional] 
**decline_reason_description** | **str** | Explanation for why a verification request was declined. | [optional] 
**resubmit_allowed** | **bool** | Whether a Toll-Free Verification request qualifies for resubmission via PUT. | [optional] 
**created_date_time** | **datetime** | Date and time the verification request was created. | [optional] 
**modified_date_time** | **datetime** | Date and time the verification request was last modified. | [optional] 
**submission** | [**TfvSubmissionInfo**](TfvSubmissionInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**blocked** | **bool** | Whether a Toll-Free Verification is blocked. This attribute will only be defined when the number is blocked. | [optional] 
**blocked_reason** | **str** | The reason why the Toll-Free Verification is blocked. This attribute will only be defined when the number is blocked. | [optional] 
**cv_token** | **str** | The token provided by Campaign Verify to validate your political use case. Only required for 527 political organizations. If you are not a 527 political organization, this field should be omitted. Supplying an empty string will likely result in rejection. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from bandwidth.models.tfv_status import TfvStatus

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of TfvStatus from a JSON string
tfv_status_instance = TfvStatus.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(TfvStatus.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
tfv_status_dict = tfv_status_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of TfvStatus from a dict
tfv_status_from_dict = TfvStatus.from_dict(tfv_status_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


