# TransferDisconnectCallback

This event is sent to the transferDisconnectUrl of each <PhoneNumber> tag when its respective call leg ends for any reason. The event is sent in the normal case, when the transferred leg is answered and later hung up, but is also sent if the new leg was never answered in the first place, if it was rejected, and if the original call leg hung up before the transferred leg.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**event_type** | **str** | The event type, value can be one of the following: answer, bridgeComplete, bridgeTargetComplete, conferenceCreated, conferenceRedirect, conferenceMemberJoin, conferenceMemberExit, conferenceCompleted, conferenceRecordingAvailable, disconnect, dtmf, gather, initiate, machineDetectionComplete, recordingComplete, recordingAvailable, redirect, transcriptionAvailable, transferAnswer, transferComplete, transferDisconnect. | [optional] 
**event_time** | **datetime** | The approximate UTC date and time when the event was generated by the Bandwidth server, in ISO 8601 format. This may not be exactly the time of event execution. | [optional] 
**account_id** | **str** | The user account associated with the call. | [optional] 
**application_id** | **str** | The id of the application associated with the call. | [optional] 
**var_from** | **str** | The provided identifier of the caller: can be a phone number in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555) or one of Private, Restricted, Unavailable, or Anonymous. | [optional] 
**to** | **str** | The phone number that received the call, in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555). | [optional] 
**direction** | [**CallDirectionEnum**](CallDirectionEnum.md) |  | [optional] 
**call_id** | **str** | The call id associated with the event. | [optional] 
**call_url** | **str** | The URL of the call associated with the event. | [optional] 
**parent_call_id** | **str** | (optional) If the event is related to the B leg of a &lt;Transfer&gt;, the call id of the original call leg that executed the &lt;Transfer&gt;. Otherwise, this field will not be present. | [optional] 
**enqueued_time** | **datetime** | (optional) If call queueing is enabled and this is an outbound call, time the call was queued, in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] 
**start_time** | **datetime** | Time the call was started, in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] 
**answer_time** | **datetime** | Time the call was answered, in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] 
**end_time** | **datetime** | The time that the recording ended in ISO-8601 format | [optional] 
**tag** | **str** | (optional) The tag specified on call creation. If no tag was specified or it was previously cleared, this field will not be present. | [optional] 
**transfer_caller_id** | **str** | The phone number used as the from field of the B-leg call, in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555) or one of Restricted, Anonymous, Private, or Unavailable. | [optional] 
**transfer_to** | **str** | The phone number used as the to field of the B-leg call, in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555). | [optional] 
**cause** | **str** | Reason the call failed - hangup, busy, timeout, cancel, rejected, callback-error, invalid-bxml, application-error, account-limit, node-capacity-exceeded, error, or unknown. | [optional] 
**error_message** | **str** | Text explaining the reason that caused the call to fail in case of errors. | [optional] 
**error_id** | **str** | Bandwidth&#39;s internal id that references the error event. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from bandwidth.models.transfer_disconnect_callback import TransferDisconnectCallback

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of TransferDisconnectCallback from a JSON string
transfer_disconnect_callback_instance = TransferDisconnectCallback.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(TransferDisconnectCallback.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
transfer_disconnect_callback_dict = transfer_disconnect_callback_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of TransferDisconnectCallback from a dict
transfer_disconnect_callback_form_dict = transfer_disconnect_callback.from_dict(transfer_disconnect_callback_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


