# TransferCompleteCallback

This event is sent to the transferCompleteUrl of the A-leg's <Transfer> verb when the transferred call (B-leg) completes. In a simultaneous ringing scenario, only one B-leg succeeds and this event corresponds to that successful leg. If none of the calls were answered, the transferComplete event corresponds to one of the legs.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**event_type** | **str** | The event type, value can be one of the following: answer, bridgeComplete, bridgeTargetComplete, conferenceCreated, conferenceRedirect, conferenceMemberJoin, conferenceMemberExit, conferenceCompleted, conferenceRecordingAvailable, disconnect, dtmf, gather, initiate, machineDetectionComplete, recordingComplete, recordingAvailable, redirect, transcriptionAvailable, transferAnswer, transferComplete, transferDisconnect. | [optional] 
**event_time** | **str** | The approximate UTC date and time when the event was generated by the Bandwidth server, in ISO 8601 format. This may not be exactly the time of event execution. | [optional] 
**account_id** | **str** | The user account associated with the call. | [optional] 
**application_id** | **str** | The id of the application associated with the call. | [optional] 
**_from** | **str** | The provided identifier of the caller: can be a phone number in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555) or one of Private, Restricted, Unavailable, or Anonymous. | [optional] 
**to** | **str** | The phone number that received the call, in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555). | [optional] 
**direction** | [**CallDirectionEnum**](CallDirectionEnum.md) |  | [optional] 
**call_id** | **str** | The call id associated with the event. | [optional] 
**call_url** | **str** | The URL of the call associated with the event. | [optional] 
**enqueued_time** | **datetime, none_type** | (optional) If call queueing is enabled and this is an outbound call, time the call was queued, in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] 
**start_time** | **datetime** | Time the call was started, in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] 
**answer_time** | **datetime, none_type** | Time the call was answered, in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] 
**tag** | **str, none_type** | (optional) The tag specified on call creation. If no tag was specified or it was previously cleared, this field will not be present. | [optional] 
**transfer_caller_id** | **str** | The phone number used as the from field of the B-leg call, in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555) or one of Restricted, Anonymous, Private, or Unavailable. | [optional] 
**transfer_to** | **str** | The phone number used as the to field of the B-leg call, in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555). | [optional] 
**cause** | **str** | Reason the call failed - hangup, busy, timeout, cancel, rejected, callback-error, invalid-bxml, application-error, account-limit, node-capacity-exceeded, error, or unknown. | [optional] 
**error_message** | **str, none_type** | Text explaining the reason that caused the call to fail in case of errors. | [optional] 
**error_id** | **str, none_type** | Bandwidth&#39;s internal id that references the error event. | [optional] 
**any string name** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


